README.md, before:

# DataAnalysis-fundamentals
Work developed in the scope of "Fundamentals of Data Analysis" module

Task 1:
Collatz algorithm

Task 2:
Types of variables on data set penguins.csv


Task 3:
Review the probability density functions, select the most adequate to each type of variable on the penguins dataset. Normal probability density function for the continuous variables.For the categorical variables multinomial was suggested for  "species" and "islands" variables and a binominal for the "sex"

Task 4:
It finds entropy for different chances of getting heads in coin flips. 
It then shows on a graph how entropy changes as the likelihood of getting heads varies from almost none to almost certain.


Task 5:
Plot all the variables in adequate plots. 
  Variables: histogram with probability density function - normal distribution selected
  Categorical: bar plot for each one of the 3 variables


  PROJECT:

  To do:
  - which plots do make sense for each variable?
  - refer that some variables do work as a distinctors between setosa and the other 2 classes
  - describe better the variables, what to do with the mathematical descriptors?

Commit message:

project some plots: box plot and bar chart pie

README.md, after:

# DataAnalysis-fundamentals
Work developed in the scope of "Fundamentals of Data Analysis" module

Task 1:
Collatz algorithm

Task 2:
Types of variables on data set penguins.csv


Task 3:
Review the probability density functions, select the most adequate to each type of variable on the penguins dataset. Normal probability density function for the continuous variables.For the categorical variables multinomial was suggested for  "species" and "islands" variables and a binominal for the "sex"

Task 4:
It finds entropy for different chances of getting heads in coin flips. 
It then shows on a graph how entropy changes as the likelihood of getting heads varies from almost none to almost certain.


Task 5:
Plot all the variables in adequate plots. 
  Variables: histogram with probability density function - normal distribution selected
  Categorical: bar plot for each one of the 3 variables


  PROJECT:

  To do:
- Read to apply more types of graphs- 
- review classes and see if any topic that was coverd can be applyed on the project that I migh be missing here
